Didn't say it's alright?
It's okay, ouch.
Miss Wu, get out of here
Oh, haha, Miss Wu.
You know my rules
Either give money
Or close the company
Or sleep with me
Bah nonsense
Oops, since there is no tax
Then smash the company and see who dares
Who are you? I'm Miss Wu's friend.
I'm here today.
No one can touch a hair on him.
Hahaha hero saves beauty
Heroes have to pay for saving beauty, kill me
You kid will attack me
You say you have to provoke him if you are not good
There we go.
Oops, why did you hit them so hard?
They are so useless.
They were finished before I even tried.
You're in big trouble
Brother Bao is counting on his nephew of Captain Wang
You provoked him.
We all have to eat and walk around